    /*  how to make a gif player
    QMovie *movie = new QMovie("C:\\Users\\DOE\\Videos\\a.gif");
    QLabel *processLabel = new QLabel(this);
    processLabel->setMovie(movie);
    movie->start();
    */

Quick overview
    Why a new version of OpenFringe
        To be able to modify it using modern software tools.
    What is DFTFringe
        Successor to OpenFringe with modern Uers interface.
        Focuses on the most used Features of OpenFringe.
    New features
            stats.


Quick start Guide.
    Setup the Mirror data in the MirrorDialog.
    Load an interferogram.
    Outline it
    Analyze it.

Mirror dialog in depth.
Outlining mirror in depth.
    mouse
    zoom
    undo
    crop/not crop

New features in Depth.

Using DFTFringe to inspect interferogram intensity and gamma correction effects.

DFTFringe has tools to help you determine the right exposue for your interferograms.
SO first off lets make a well exposed interferogram of a perfect mirror.
Go to the simulations view and make an igram.
We can look at an intensity plot across the igram.
See that the intensity has a sinusodal variation.
Use the compass knob to vary to change the angle of the sample diameter.

We can also look at each color channel.  In this case only the red channel has any information.
A interferogram taken with a red laser should look similar.

If we turn on the DFT thumb nail display we can see the DFT used by the program to analyze the surface.
We can see the 2 sidelobes look nice without any extra ones outside of them.

Ok now lets load a real world interferogram taken with a web cam and that was over exposed.

Here we see that the red channel is completly maxed out and information spills over into the
other color channels.

There are some other intersting things in this plot that I will come back
to later when I discuss Gamma correction.

Now lets look at a few other interferograms.






Hello I'm Dale Eason and this is a Quick start guide for DFT Fringe the successor to OpenFringe.

If you are fimiliar with OPenFringe then a lot of this will be familiar to you.  However some
things work differently so I hope it will be useful to you as well.

For detailed info on each of the steps see other help videos.

DFTfringe is a program used to anayze interferograms of Telescope Optics

I assume you alaready have interferograms stored as images on your computer.

So lets get started.

First input the mirror and laser data using the configuration dialog.  Here is an example I already filled out.

Second Open an interferogram and outline the mirror in it.

Outlining is a bit easier than in OPenFringe I think.

When the outline is complete press the done button.

At this point you can simply press the "Compute surface button."

Now you have your first anlaysis completed.


See the other videos for more information.

Thank you for watching and happy analizing.









